Make alerts configurable; label alerts correctly for OCP4 (#27)
projectsyn/component-thanos: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

Service type for query service.
Can be used to expose the Query endpoint externally via `LoadBalancer` type.

== `query_alerts.enabled`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"*": true
----

> Configuration for the Thanos https://thanos.io/tip/components/query.md[Query] alerts.

Reviewer: Maybe formulate it like this for all components (or leave it):

```suggestion
This parameter can be used to select which Thanos https://thanos.io/tip/components/query.md[Query] alerts should be enabled.
```

Available alerts can be found https://monitoring.mixins.dev/thanos/#thanos-query[here].

`"*": true` allows enabling all alerts.
`AlertName: true` enables a single alert.

== `query_alerts.patches`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`

> Configuration for the Thanos https://thanos.io/tip/components/query.md[Query] alerts.

Reviewer: Same here

```suggestion
This parameter allows patching upstream Thanos https://thanos.io/tip/components/query.md[Query] alerts in the hierarchy. 
```
